feat(serverless): containers & functions improve quickstart (#1562)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/functions/quickstart.mdx

The Scaleway [Elements Functions platform](https://www.scaleway.com/en/serverless-functions/) makes your functions available, executes them on demand and manages resource allocation for you. A function is a lightweight unit of logic, defining a procedure for changing one element into another. The function remains static, while the variables that pass through it can vary. We show you how to create a functions namespace, create your function, and delete when no longer needed.

<Message type="tip">

>   This page explains how to deploy a functions using Scaleway Console but for advanced usage (ex: larger project with dependencies, automation, multiple functions...) [several ways to deploy functions](/serverless/functions/reference-content/deploy-function/) are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This page explains how to deploy functions using Scaleway Console but for advanced usage (ex: larger projects with dependencies, automation, multiple functions...) [several ways to deploy functions](/serverless/functions/reference-content/deploy-function/) are available.
```

>   For real world examples checkout our [scaleway/serverless-examples repository](https://github.com/scaleway/serverless-examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For real-world examples check out our [scaleway/serverless-examples repository](https://github.com/scaleway/serverless-examples).
```
